8/9/2025, 11:53:03 AM 19 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension vscode.csharp for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 11:53:03 AM 19 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension vscode.prompt for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 11:53:03 AM 19 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension arcticicestudio.nord-visual-studio-code for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 11:53:03 AM 19 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension charliermarsh.ruff for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 11:53:03 AM 19 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension Dart-Code.dart-code for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 11:53:03 AM 19 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension esbenp.prettier-vscode for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 11:53:03 AM 19 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-dotnettools.csdevkit for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 11:53:03 AM 20 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-dotnettools.csharp for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 11:53:03 AM 20 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-dotnettools.vscode-dotnet-runtime for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 11:53:03 AM 20 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-python.vscode-python-envs for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 11:53:03 AM 20 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-vscode.cmake-tools for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 11:53:03 AM 20 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-vscode.cpptools-themes for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 11:53:03 AM 20 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension usernamehw.errorlens for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 11:53:03 AM 20 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension VisualStudioExptTeam.intellicode-api-usage-examples for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 11:53:03 AM 20 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension vscjava.vscode-gradle for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 11:53:03 AM 20 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension vscjava.vscode-java-debug for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 11:53:03 AM 20 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension vscjava.vscode-java-dependency for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 11:53:03 AM 20 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension vscjava.vscode-java-pack for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 11:53:03 AM 20 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension vscjava.vscode-java-test for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 11:53:03 AM 20 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension vscjava.vscode-maven for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 12:13:30 PM 621 DotnetVSCodeExtensionChange
true
A change was detected in the extensions. Installing .NET for new extensions.

8/9/2025, 12:13:30 PM 622 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension vscode.csharp for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 12:13:30 PM 622 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension vscode.prompt for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 12:13:30 PM 622 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension arcticicestudio.nord-visual-studio-code for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 12:13:30 PM 622 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension charliermarsh.ruff for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 12:13:30 PM 622 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension danylopashuk.bit-viewer for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 12:13:30 PM 622 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension Dart-Code.dart-code for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 12:13:30 PM 622 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension esbenp.prettier-vscode for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 12:13:30 PM 622 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-dotnettools.csdevkit for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 12:13:30 PM 622 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-dotnettools.csharp for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 12:13:30 PM 623 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-dotnettools.vscode-dotnet-runtime for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 12:13:30 PM 623 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-python.vscode-python-envs for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 12:13:30 PM 623 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-vscode.cmake-tools for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 12:13:30 PM 623 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-vscode.cpptools-themes for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 12:13:30 PM 623 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension usernamehw.errorlens for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 12:13:30 PM 623 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension VisualStudioExptTeam.intellicode-api-usage-examples for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 12:13:30 PM 623 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension vscjava.vscode-gradle for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 12:13:30 PM 623 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension vscjava.vscode-java-debug for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 12:13:30 PM 623 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension vscjava.vscode-java-dependency for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 12:13:30 PM 623 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension vscjava.vscode-java-pack for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 12:13:30 PM 623 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension vscjava.vscode-java-test for .NET installation requests

8/9/2025, 12:13:30 PM 623 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension vscjava.vscode-maven for .NET installation requests
